Forever Young & Beautiful

We promise to always do our best to increase
the value of our customers' lives and to restore
healthy and beautiful life.

                                www.ganarnd.co.kr
GANA
RAINBOW

2
GANA HA                                                             GANA COSMETIC GANA RAINBOW

Experience the Natural Radiance of GANA RAINBOW Cosmetics ­
Crafted with GANA HA and Pure Ingredients.

01  High cross linking ratio
02
    It has a 10% cross linking ratio, which is higher than other
    products with 6-8% monophasic and 2-4% biophasic.

    High HA concentration

    It has a high HA concentration of 20-24mg/cc.

03  Small particle size
04
05  It has small particle size so that doctors are easy to mold
    shape.

    Low extruding force

    It ensures a smoother, more precise application, enhancing its
    effectiveness and providing superior, natural-looking results.

    Long duration

    It has maintenance period of 12-18 months.

Specification                  GANA HA

     Cross linking ratio %                    10%
     HA concentration (mg/cc)           20 ­ 24 mg/cc
     Cross linking agent
     Durarion month                          BDDE
     Particle size                           12-18
     Recommended guage                    200-500
                                              27G

                                                                    3
GANA HA - RED                        Patent Application Number

GANA HA TYPE + Anthocyanins             10-2024-0105118

What is Anthocyanins

Anthocyanins found in the flowers and fruits of many plants, offer a multitude of benefits.
Anthocyanins exhibits antioxidant effects.

Shape : Red viscous gel form

Ingredient List                             INCI
                                           Water
                No.                  Hyaluronic Acid
                 1                    Anthocyanins
                 2
                 3

GANA HA - YELLOW                     Patent Application Number

GANA HA TYPE + Gardenia                 10-2024-0105119

What is Gardenia

Gardenia is derived from the Gardenia flower
Gardenia exhibits antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and hypoglycemic effects.

Shape : Yellow viscous gel form

           Ingredient List                      INCI
                                               Water
                                No.      Hyaluronic Acid
                                  1  Gardenia Fruits extract
                                  2
                                  3

4
GANA HA - BLUE                 Patent Application Number                             GANA COSMETIC GANA RAINBOW

GANA HA TYPE + Copper peptide     10-2024-0105116

What is Copper peptide

Copper peptide is compounds that consist of small protein fragments bound to copper
ions.
Copper peptide offer comprehensive benefits, enhancing wound healing with improved
wound contraction, faster granular tissue development, and enhanced angiogenesis.
They also elevate antioxidant enzyme levels.

Shape : Blue viscous gel form

Ingredient List                         INCI
                                        Water
                No.              Hyaluronic Acid
                 1             Copper tripeptide-1
                 2
                 3

GANA HA - GREEN                Patent Application Number

GANA HA TYPE + Chlorophyllin      10-2024-0105117

What is Chlorophyllin copper sodium salt

Chlorophyllin copper sodium salt is a naturally derived compound extracted from
chlorophyll-containing vegetables.

Shape : Green viscous gel form

Ingredient List                                  INCI
                                                Water
                No.                       Hyaluronic Acid
                 1             Chlorophyllin copper sodium salt
                 2
                 3

                                                                                     5
GANA
EYE
BOOSTER

6
GANA EYE BOOSTER                                                                           GANA COSMETIC GANA EYE BOOSTER

GANA EYE BOOSTER is PDRN concentration solution

What Is PDRN

Polydeoxyribonucleotide is derived from sperm trout through an extraction process. The
compounds are able to stimulate Vascular Endothelial Growth Factors and certain receptors
in the body that trigger the creation of new artery formation, improves blood flow, and
reduces inflammation. Most importantly, PDRN provides the nucleotides necessary for cell
regeneration.
In addition to its use for diabetic foot ulcers, PDRN has proven effective in treating
PAOD, chronic wounds, hind limb ischemia, osteoarthritis disease, coronary artery
disease, and burn injuries.

Ingredient List                                                INCI
                                                              Water
                No.                                     Hyaluronic Acid
                 1                                       Sodium DNA
                 2                                        Glutathione
                 3
                 4

Application

· Face rejuvenation
· Wrinkle removal
· Whitening
· Preventing sagging
· Improving elasticity, turgidity and tonicity of skin
· Repairing damaged dermal cells

Effects by raw material
PDRN

· Help all kinds of wound healing,
· Regeneration of cell and tissue

Glutathione

· Whitening

Cross linked Hyaluronic acid 5mg/cc

· Prevent water loss
· Keep skin moisteurized

                                                                                           7
GANA
PHV

8
GANA PHV                                                  Patent Application Number                       GANA COSMETIC GANA PHV

                                                             10-2024-0105115

What is PLLA

PPoly(L-Lactide) is a biodegradable material with good bio-absorbability and bio-
compatibility. After degradation in the body, PLLA products are excreted by metabolism
and thus has no harmful side effects to the human body. It is for these reasons that PLLA
products are currently widely used in the field of medicine, such as for one-time infusion
equipment,medical surgical suture, drug delivery carriers, tissue engineering scaffolds, bone
anchors, injectable microcapsules, microspheres, implants, elastomer materials for organ
support, etc.

Ingredient List                                   INCI
                                                 Water
                No.                        Hyaluronic Acid
                 1                        Poly-L-Lactic Acid
                 2
                 3

Mechanism                                                 PLLA degradation

        PLLA                    PLLA                       1 Random enzymatic degradation
(Poly-L-lactic acid)            Immune reaction
                                                                           Reduction in molecular weight
  Polymer of Lactic acid        PLLA eaten by
Lactic acid  CO2 + H2O          macrophage                 2 Low molecular PLLA phagocyted by macrophage

                                - By immune reaction
                                  activate fibroblast to
                                  produce collagen

The merits of GANA PHV

1.Early and longer volume augmentation over than 2years by cross linked hyaluronic acid
   gel and Later volume augmentation by the collagen formation by PLLA.

2.The lower initial swelling by the absence of carboxymethylcellulose.
3.The immediate correction is possible by hyaluronidase.
4.Injected PLLA induce collagen synthesis duration of GANA PHV is much longer than HA fillers.
5.Newly formed collagen prohibit the migration of GANA PHV.

GANA PHV Volume

                                                                       PLLA + HA
                                                                       PLLA

                                                                       Hyaluronic acid
                                                                       dermal filers(HA)

           Injection                                                   Time

                      3~4 Days  2 Months                  6~12 Months                                     9
GANA
NPHG

10
GANA NPHG                                                                                   GANA COSMETIC GANA NPHG

Characteristics of GANA NPHG

1. Non Cross-linked hyaluronic acid
2. Transparent, low viscosity liquid in a vial

What Is Nicotinamide mononucleotide

1.Anti-aging properties: NMN can help reduce various age-related changes in the skin by
   increasing intracellular NAD+ levels, which stimulates energy production and activates
   sirtuin genes.

2.Improved skin hydration: Studies have shown that NMN application activates the
   sirtuin gene and promotes the production of natural moisturizing factors, which may
   help prevent skin aging.

3. R educed melanin production: In aged melanocytes, NMN treatment showed a marked
   reduction in melanin production. This effect was also observed in a reconstituted human
   skin model with aged melanocytes, suggesting potential benefits for aging-related
   hyperpigmentation.

4.Metabolic improvements: Since NAD+ is involved in the metabolism of many cells,
   applying NMN may help improve skin problems associated with disturbed metabolism.

5.Better absorption: Cosmetics containing NMN allow for more direct absorption into
   the skin compared to oral supplements or food sources. Research has shown that when
   NMN serum is applied to the stratum corneum, the amount of NMN in cells increases
   approximately 100-fold, while NAD+ levels increase about 4-fold.

6.Potential for improving various skin issues: NMN's ability to activate sirtuin genes and
   increase NAD+ levels may help address multiple skin concerns simultaneously.

Ingredient List                      INCI
                                    Water
                No.           Hyaluronic Acid
                 1   Nicotinamide Mononucleotide
                 2              Sodium DNA
                 3               Glutathione
                 4             Benzyl Alcohol
                 5
                 6

                                                                                            11
GANA
EXO
NPHG

12
GANA EXO NPHG                                                                                         GANA COSMETIC GANA EXO NPHG

Characteristics of GANA EXO NPHG

1. Non Cross-linked hyaluronic acid
2. Transparent, low viscosity liquid in a vial

What Is Extracellular vesicles (EVs)?

Extracellular vesicles (EVs) are small lipid membrane-enclosed structures secreted by cells,
and among them, EVs with a size of approximately 40 to 100 nm are called exosomes.

What Is Centella?

The leaves and stems of the plant contain ingredients such as matecasic acid, asiatic acid, and
asiaticoside that help strengthen the skin barrier, protect the skin, and soothe irritation. It also
has the power to relieve inflammation and heal wounds such as tumors and ulcers, and as it has
been discovered, it is widely used as a raw material for ointments, toothpaste, and cosmetics.

What Is Nicotinamide mononucleotide? (NMN)

1.Anti-aging properties: NMN can help reduce various age-related changes in the skin by
   increasing intracellular NAD+ levels, which stimulates energy production and activates
   sirtuin genes.

2.Improved skin hydration: Studies have shown that NMN application activates the
   sirtuin gene and promotes the production of natural moisturizing factors, which may
   help prevent skin aging.

3. R educed melanin production: In aged melanocytes, NMN treatment showed a marked
   reduction in melanin production. This effect was also observed in a reconstituted human
   skin model with aged melanocytes, suggesting potential benefits for aging-related
   hyperpigmentation.

4.Metabolic improvements: Since NAD+ is involved in the metabolism of many cells,
   applying NMN may help improve skin problems associated with disturbed metabolism.

5.Better absorption: Cosmetics containing NMN allow for more direct absorption into
   the skin compared to oral supplements or food sources. Research has shown that when
   NMN serum is applied to the stratum corneum, the amount of NMN in cells increases
   approximately 100-fold, while NAD+ levels increase about 4-fold.

6.Potential for improving various skin issues: NMN's ability to activate sirtuin genes and
   increase NAD+ levels may help address multiple skin concerns simultaneously.

Ingredient List                               INCI
                                             Water
                No.                    Hyaluronic Acid
                 1            Nicotinamide mononucleotide
                 2   Centella Asiatica Callus Extracellular Vesicles
                 3                       Sodium DNA
                 4                        Glutathione
                 5                      Benzyl Alcohol
                 6
                 7

                                                                                                      13
GANA
Fish
Collagen

14
GANA Fish Collagen                                                                         GANA COSMETIC GANA Fish Collagen

Characteristics of GANA NPHG

Transparent, low viscosity liquid in a vial

What is Collagen

Collagen is found in connective tissue, skin, tendons, bones, and cartilage. It provides
structural support to tissues and plays important roles in cellular processes, including.

· Tissue repair
· Immune response
· Cellular communication
· Cellular migration, a process necessary for tissue maintenance

Collagen efficacy

· Improve skin hydration
· Improve elasticity
· Improve wrinkles

Ingredient List                                INCI
                                             Collagen
                No.
                 1

                                                                                           15
      GANA COSMETIC Co., Ltd.

#902, #909, #812, 555, Dunchon-daero, Jungwon-gu,
         Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea

  Zip code : 13215 Homepage : www.ganarnd.co.kr
         Tel : 82-31-733-0242/82-31-732-0242
